---
layout: post
title: Summer summary
date: 2014-11-12
author: marie
tags: food
comments: true
published: true
---

So naturally on the first snowfall of the season, my thoughts turn to warm weather. This is logical, right? Sweltering, humid days bring dreams of fluffy deep snow and alpine activities (snowshoeing! sledding!). Below freezing temps means it's time to start planning the next summer vacay.

Last summer was pretty awesome, if-I-say-so-myself. We rented a cabin in the woods of the North Oregon coast. Daily walks on the beach, salt water taffy, waaay too much good food. The full itinerary involved driving through multiple states, caravans, and pit stops at both the Mom's homes. It was a lot of work. It wasn't cheap (although fairly frugal on a per-person, per-day basis). 

Major props to both Ted and my Moms for their flexibility and willingness to go on with my hair-brained scheme!! It was a lot of fun I had had a great time getting to know my fmil and fsil better (I hope you had just as much fun too <3).

<h2>Jayne, of course, lounged like a king.</h2>


<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="4" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAAGFBMVEUiIiI9PT0eHh4gIB4hIBkcHBwcHBwcHBydr+JQAAAACHRSTlMABA4YHyQsM5jtaMwAAADfSURBVDjL7ZVBEgMhCAQBAf//42xcNbpAqakcM0ftUmFAAIBE81IqBJdS3lS6zs3bIpB9WED3YYXFPmHRfT8sgyrCP1x8uEUxLMzNWElFOYCV6mHWWwMzdPEKHlhLw7NWJqkHc4uIZphavDzA2JPzUDsBZziNae2S6owH8xPmX8G7zzgKEOPUoYHvGz1TBCxMkd3kwNVbU0gKHkx+iZILf77IofhrY1nYFnB/lQPb79drWOyJVa/DAvg9B/rLB4cC+Nqgdz/TvBbBnr6GBReqn/nRmDgaQEej7WhonozjF+Y2I/fZou/qAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div></div></blockquote><script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>





